if you recall from last week's news gasm
Robert Downey jr. was flip flopping all
over the show about the possibility of
suiting up again for another outing as
Iron Man well it seems as though he is
but not to part I a man for and instead
for Captain America 3 which is rumored
to be taking the civil war storyline
this plot will also have ramifications
of future Avengers movies but will be
used as a bridge to introduce new super
hairos into the Marvel Universe
presumably including Ant Man and Doctor
Strange if you recall a couple of months
back that Warner Brothers Batman V
Superman moved from its head-to-head
date with Captain America 3 and there
are some were speculating they caught
wind of this news and decided to get out
the kitchen because they couldn't stand
the heat for those not in the know the
civil war storyline is one of the more
popular in Marvel Comics in the last few
years and it pitted Tony Stark against
Captain America over the superhero
Registration Act but more importantly it
led to the death of Captain America with
Bucky taking over the mantle with chris
evans contracts set to expire after
Avengers 3 cut this news liter Evans
getting out the soup and allowing Bucky
who returned to the franchise in the
winter soldier to step up to the plate
anything Marvel can do DC can attempt to
top following the news of iron man in
cap 3 Warner Brothers and DC announced
their upcoming lineup of all movies all
the way up to 20 20 20 20 guys that's
the next six years it seemed all but
sure if you're a Latino Review anyway
that we're keen Phoenix was in line to
take on the role of the source for a
supreme for the latest on the movie is
that he is no longer in the running
since then a few more names have cropped
up outside of previous rumors like
Benedict Cumberbatch in a reddit AMA
Keanu Reeves said you know I just I just
recently started to hear about those
rumors I didn't grow up reading the
character of dr. strange but the past
few days the people have been telling me
about the character and I have to call
my agent however according to a new list
Reeves isn't in the running sadly and
instead Marvel are looking to target you
McGregor Ethan Hawke jake gyllenhaal
Oscar Isaac ghetto and Matthew
McConaughey for Doctor Strange this is
all speculation yet but we know who we
like to see having been in development
hell since the early 90s it was
announced this week that ghostbusters 3
was finally dead and buried and in its
place will be a reboot directly apply
cool feed and written by Katie Dippold
in an interview feed said I had been
contacted but I was like I don't know if
I want to take that on because the first
or such classics and just because of how
do you do it it just felt too difficult
how do you do it and not screw it up but
then it was bugging me for the next few
days because Ghostbusters is such a
great thing and everybody knows it and
it's such a great world it's a shame to
just let this thing sit there I want to
see another one my favorite thing to do
is work with funny woman i was like what
if it was an old female cast if they
were all woman suddenly my mind kind of
exploded that would be really fun and
then I thought well what if we just make
it new yep because when something is too
difficult just hit the reset button and
start again hack vigas promise that the
cast will include funny woman but seeing
as though he likes to work with Melissa
McCarthy that seems unlikely but one
person on board with the idea is
original Ghostbuster Ernie Hudson who
said i love females i hope that if they
go that way at least they'll be funny
and if they're not funny at least
hopefully it will be sexy i love the
idea of including women I think that's
great aah Gibby you oniy I'm glad that
but all female I think would be a bad
idea don't think the fans want to see
that I think it would be wrong to do
another movie that didn't include the
guy and that didn't include me Oh
awkward if you liked this video click on
the little thumbs up icon down here
somewhere in the corner and why not hit
the subscribe button as well to be
notified first about the next movie news
gasm as always check out flickering myth
knock off all the latest movie news
interviews opinions and competitions
like us on facebook and give us a follow
on Twitter I've been Owen Reese and I'll
see you next week for more movie news
and
stuff
you